All right, so the next part
will be a little bit hard, but
I think you can try to give it a shot.
Do you think you can find
your SHA in the GIT folder?
Why don't you take a look, go in there.
Remember the SHA is what
you're looking for.
Just do a little perusing on your own for
a minute.
I'll give you another hint.
The first two characters
of the sha are important.
Look around, maybe try to find
command finds a great one,
it will list out a bunch of files for you.
All right,
I'll just kind of start doing it.
So if I go like this find,
remember when I did it before,
there wasn't a ton of files,
but if I do it again,
notice now we have a whole bunch
of stuff inside of objects now.
And not only that, but there's my 8/7.
There's my 2/1/a.
Look at that thing.
That's my commit, right?
That looks like my commit.
You have your commit somewhere in
there and you can go and find it.
It's a real thing, right?
Little quick observation.
Everything inside the git.objects.
Or sorry, .get/objects directory will
have the first two letters of any any
Sha that is being tracked by Git.
And you can use that to find stuff.
If you're to manually look through Git,
all right?
That's where they're all stored.
That's where all of your changes and
everything are stored.
So, by the way, I absolutely
love is like my favorite part of
The Hobbit was what
sort of it's Pocketses?
I just love that part.
For those that don't know,
it's a fantastic scene where Bilbo has
the ring and needing to ask riddles.
And if he gets a riddle wrong, he gets
eaten, and his last one isn't a riddle.
He just said, what's in my pocket?
Then Gollum goes crazy, and
that's the whole story.
That's how Lord of the Rings happened,
is because he wouldn't tell
him what's in his pocketses.
It's crazy, anyways.
All right, so if I were to go here and say
git/objects/8/7/ and cap this thing out.
It's a bunch of nonsense.
You can do the same thing, right?
You can't understand that file, or
this commit from just catting stuff out.
It's been compressed, so
it's more space efficient.
So it's just nonsense to our eyes.
Here's my version right here.
Remember, all of git state
is stored in these files.
All of it, so
that's why our commit's there.
All right, so
some of the tools of a plumber.
There's a bunch of different
ways you can manually
use the right git command to
print out the contents of stuff.
But there's also Cat-File-p, and that
will just print out any SHA you want and
the content or
in the contents of that SHA.
And so there are like, if you
actually use the actual get commands,
there's like a tree one for
printing out trees.
There's one for printing out
specific parts or just this one.
I prefer just to use this,
because it's kind of annoying to have
to know all the little sub commands.
I'm sure there's like a cost to it,
which is like Git has to figure out which
SHA you're actually talking about and the
type of SHA and then to compress it and
to give you this nice view and
all that, but just use this.
You can inspect any commit or anything
about Git by using git cat-file-p.
So I want you to cat file your sha.
And see if you can get to the point of
being able to get the contents out of
first MD.
See if you can actually
get all the way down and
find it by just cutting out your sha.